eng-7886: adds token deduplication behavior setting documentation (#492)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/api/tenants/tenants.mdx

| `fingerprint_tokens`           | _string_ | (Bool) Whether all tokens will be fingerprinted using the [default fingerprint expression](/docs/api/tokens/token-types) for its token type. When disabled, fingerprinting can still be enabled per token by setting a [fingerprint expression](/docs/expressions/fingerprints) on the token. |
| `disable_ephemeral_proxy`      | _string_ | (Bool) When `true`, [ephemeral proxies](/docs/api/proxies/ephemeral-proxy) will not be allowed for the tenant.                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `deduplicate_tokens`           | _string_ | (Bool) Whether tokens are [deduplicated](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#deduplication) on creation and updates.                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | `token_deduplication_behavior` | _string_ | Whether tokens [deduplicated](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#deduplication) have their data sections updated (Update Existing) or remain unchanged (Read Existing). [Token Intents](/docs/concepts/token-intents) do not use this setting and are always deduplicated with the Update Reading behavior.                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `token_deduplication_behavior` | _string_ | Whether existing tokens have their data updated to the incoming token (`update_existing`) or remain unchanged and returned as is (`read_existing`) on [deduplication](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#deduplication). [Token Intents](/docs/concepts/token-intents) do not use this setting and are always deduplicated when converting to tokens with the `update_existing` behavior.                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
